README.md, before:

# JojoBot
My custom Discord Bot for Jojo fans.

JojoBot Commands:

Note: Use the prefix % before all commands

info
    Description: Sends the JojoBot READ_ME.txt file.

git
    Description: Web link to the repository for this bot on Discord.

ora
    Description: Prints "Muda!"

delet
    Description: Sends a Mista "delet this" image.

triggered
    Description: Sends the Vanilla Ice "triggered" image.

sad
    Description: Sends the image of Jotaro crying.

joy
    Description: Sends the image of Josuke and Okuyasu happy.

boner
    Description: Sends the Kira "boner" image.

nut
    Description: Sends the image of Star Platinum and the "nut" button.

forgot
    Description: Sends the "Araki forgot" image.

gay
    Description: Sends the Rohan "gay" image.

rero
    Description: Sends the image of Kakyoin reroing the cherry.

reset
    Description: Sends the image of Pucci pressing the "reset" button.

love
    Description: Sends the image of Polnareff showing his love.

refuse
    Description: Sends the image of Rohan saying "I refuse."

kys
    Description: Sends the "kys" image of Johnny.

kms
    Description: Sends the image of Johnny shooting himself.

yes
    Description: Sends the image of Jotaro saying "Yes! Yes! Yes!"

lit
    Description: Sends the image of Gappy saying "it's lit."

unzip
    Description: Sends the image of Bruno unzipping.

angery
    Description: Sends the image of King Crimson being 200% furious.

police
    Description: Sends the image of Jotaro calling the police.

kak
    Description: Sends the image of Kakyoin in sunglasses.

react
    Description: Displays a random reaction image of the desired character. If no input is given, it will display a general Jojo reaction.
    Inputs: The desired character (optional)*
    Outputs: A random reaction image that features the inputted character.

    *Only accepts the characters listed below as input
    Note that you must spell these characters' names as I have here, but these names are NOT case sensitive anymore.
    Acceptable characters:
        Akira
        Annasui
        Araki
        Avdol
        Bruno
        Caesar
        Diavolo
        Diego
        Dio
        Valentine
        Giorno
        Gyro
        Hazamada
        HolHorse
        Iggy
        Johnny
        Jolyne
        Jonathan
        Joseph
        Josuke OR Josuke4
        Gappy OR Josuke8
        Jotaro
        Jobin OR Joubin
        Kakyoin
        Kira
        Koichi
        Mista
        Narancia
        Norisuke
        Okuyasu
        PillarMen
        Polnareff
        Pucci
        Rohan
        Shigechi
        Speedwagon
        VanillaIce
        Yukako
        Zeppeli

    Of particular note is that all three Pillar Men are grouped together under the "PillarMen" command, and there are not separate commands for each of them. Additionally, differentiate between Josuke from part 4 and Josuke from part 8 with "Josuke4" and "Josuke8" respectively. "Zeppeli" refers specifically to William Zeppeli from part 1, whereas Caesar and Gyro are both referred to by their first names. Finally, for the commands involving multiple words ("HolHorse", "PillarMen", and "VanillaIce"), be sure to capitalize the first letter of each word and do not use a space.

    EXAMPLE:
        "%react Jotaro" will display a random reaction image of Jotaro.

Commit message:

Added new images, including new characters Abbacchio, Joshu, Tonio, and Yasuho. Updated the README accordingly.

README.md, after:

# JojoBot
My custom Discord Bot for Jojo fans.

JojoBot Commands:

Note: Use the prefix % before all commands

info
    Description: Sends the JojoBot READ_ME.txt file.

git
    Description: Web link to the repository for this bot on Discord.

ora
    Description: Prints "Muda!"

delet
    Description: Sends a Mista "delet this" image.

triggered
    Description: Sends the Vanilla Ice "triggered" image.

sad
    Description: Sends the image of Jotaro crying.

joy
    Description: Sends the image of Josuke and Okuyasu happy.

boner
    Description: Sends the Kira "boner" image.

nut
    Description: Sends the image of Star Platinum and the "nut" button.

forgot
    Description: Sends the "Araki forgot" image.

gay
    Description: Sends the Rohan "gay" image.

rero
    Description: Sends the image of Kakyoin reroing the cherry.

reset
    Description: Sends the image of Pucci pressing the "reset" button.

love
    Description: Sends the image of Polnareff showing his love.

refuse
    Description: Sends the image of Rohan saying "I refuse."

kys
    Description: Sends the "kys" image of Johnny.

kms
    Description: Sends the image of Johnny shooting himself.

yes
    Description: Sends the image of Jotaro saying "Yes! Yes! Yes!"

lit
    Description: Sends the image of Gappy saying "it's lit."

unzip
    Description: Sends the image of Bruno unzipping.

angery
    Description: Sends the image of King Crimson being 200% furious.

police
    Description: Sends the image of Jotaro calling the police.

kak
    Description: Sends the image of Kakyoin in sunglasses.

react
    Description: Displays a random reaction image of the desired character. If no input is given, it will display a general Jojo reaction.
    Inputs: The desired character (optional)*
    Outputs: A random reaction image that features the inputted character.

    *Only accepts the characters listed below as input
    Note that you must spell these characters' names as I have here, but these names are NOT case sensitive anymore.
    Acceptable characters:
        Abbacchio
        Akira
        Annasui
        Araki
        Avdol
        Bruno
        Caesar
        Diavolo
        Diego
        Dio
        Valentine
        Giorno
        Gyro
        Hazamada
        HolHorse
        Iggy
        Johnny
        Jolyne
        Jonathan
        Joseph
        Joshu OR Joshuu
        Josuke OR Josuke4
        Gappy OR Josuke8
        Jotaro
        Jobin OR Joubin
        Kakyoin
        Kira
        Koichi
        Mista
        Narancia
        Norisuke
        Okuyasu
        PillarMen
        Polnareff
        Pucci
        Rohan
        Shigechi
        Speedwagon
        Tonio
        VanillaIce
        Yasuho
        Yukako
        Zeppeli

    Of particular note is that all three Pillar Men are grouped together under the "PillarMen" command, and there are not separate commands for each of them. "Zeppeli" refers specifically to William Zeppeli from part 1, whereas Caesar and Gyro are both referred to by their first names. Also, for the commands involving multiple words ("HolHorse", "PillarMen", and "VanillaIce"), be sure to not use a space.
    If you type "%react ___" where "___" is ANYTHING other than what is listed, a "general" Jojo reaction image will be sent. This means it might not related to any particular characters but rather Jojo as a whole, or it might contain many characters rather than be a specific reaction image for one or two.
    Finally, if you want a reaction picture of a specific Stand, use the same command as if you wanted a picture of their user. Stands and their users are not currently separated.

    EXAMPLE:
        "%react Jotaro" will display a random reaction image of Jotaro OR Star Platinum.
